hey what up everybody this is CV breach
coming to you here talking about UFC
Fight Night 42 coming to you live on Fox
Sports 1 tonight we saw some flyweight
division with John Dodson going up
against John Moraga in a flyweight fight
that is it a setup who's it to be the
number one contender more than likely
for the flyweight championship match
that's gonna be held on UFC 174 next
week I thought this was an awesome fight
I've heard about John thought John
Dodson but this is the first time I've
ever seen a fight it was awesome to see
him fight in his hometown UFC is there
for the first time in Albuquerque New
Mexico holding their first their first
fight there and this guy was as animated
as could be I loved watching the
flyweight guys fight because they just
come out just full-on
just just they're not just gonna sit
there and pound on each other like the
heavyweights do they're bouncing around
the ring and I reminds me a lot about
when I watch wrestling when I watch the
little guys
Rey Mysterio Chavo Guerrero though those
sort of dudes just bounce around the
ring before you know it they're taking
bumps off the top rope these guys just
held up and held their own and Dodson
just threw punches in there and in the
near the end of the second round he just
got him where I'm Moraga put down his
guard and Dodson put his knee boom I got
back up a little bit so you guys can see
that boom me right to the nose and it
just exploded he jumped on him and just
hit him with punches all the way in
there he was Saved by the Bell Zack
Morris style we did have an end of the
second round they did go to commercial
when they came out of commercial they
had everybody lined up in the ring ready
to say that they had a decision there
was a stoppage due to a doctor stay in
Moraga snows was just too fucked up he
couldn't go he wasn't even in the ring
for the post fight on you know interview
with Dodson Dodson you know gave it up
to him said that he had a good fight you
know he said that he deserved to be the
number one contender
he hopes the UFC does look at him to
move in that way gave it up to his home
crowd he was way over everybody there
was loving them big time he gave big
props everybody saying that you know
most people think of Albuquerque New
Mexico as of coming from you know in the
middle of nowhere but you know we got to
see who everybody came out for this
fight Mel Gibson was even sitting you
know front row dad sitting there with
the cage and he's got a
seek for the fight and Dodson was just
saying you know there's this a good
place it was Austin have you as he come
there in his hometown he got to show off
for all his buddies but you know he's
moving on he wants that flyweight title
he wants a shot the guy that you know
hopefully he's going to fight is the guy
that he trains with if not he's gonna
bring it against the other guy and you
know it's always fun you know John
Dodson is like a little cartoon
character he great on the mic with a
wrestling style promo after though it
was all said and done big knee to the
nose it was hard to defend against that
the guy had no no no hands anywhere near
his face that nose just exploded there
was blood everywhere they were cleaning
off the mat I was good to see dots and
get the win he's gonna move on more than
likely I have a championship fight in an
upcoming your UFC pay-per-view so give
it up Dodson more than likely to be your
future flyweight champion